Old Deng
You become younger
What are you doing?
Hey
You went online the night before yesterday and slept in class today.
Get out of here now.
Did you hear it?
Go!
And you.
Go out with him
Hurry up, don't affect your classmates.
Lao Gao

Stop right here
You 3 reflect on me well
Thank you for always persuading them to move forward
Then you can't help the wall.
What are you looking at?
Toad wants to eat swan meat
What are you talking about?
Am I wrong?
Don't think I don't know what's on his mind
Don't even think about it when you have me.
Stop talking. Let's go.
Cheng Gui has something to do?
I mentioned to you last time about building relationships to provide students for our cram school
How's that going?